notes cmput 301
plans, checkpoints
stuff for part 3 and part 2

	Have the details in the plan

	text descriptions
	careful on the subheaders <start locations>: .... (see My Ride Offers)
		Might be a bit difficult to implement

	flow - maybe for the more important ones. Add an extra field or something below.

	focus on the models like user, rider, driver. More important ones.

	elasticSearch. maybe a class for conecting that.
		don't really need major tests for that.

		google maps widget is okay. 
		abram has some sort of open map thing?

	Issue with testcases: try to write tests that aren't too detailed. so they don't break when we make changes in specifications.

	One non-trivial storyboard
		just cover most of the requirements shown. (project descriptions)
			Cover the use cases.

		Use cases: big plop of data. how does it work and stuff.
					Can involve multiple requirements.
					

User superclass
	Riders, Drivers. (subclasses)
	JUnit tests for these

Requests/Offers Class (Maybe merged)
	RiderRequests  ListViews
	DriverOffers   ListViews

Going to have separate lists for driver/rider, requests/offers.
	Maybe don't need to separate between driver/rider? Or maybe just not need a rider list.

Status is an attribute of request?
Might have different types of requests.
Rider requests in different lists.
	Issue with requests and offers being updated.. separately? because offers/requests are being copied to each other.

	Request as a superclass?
		Driver offers
		rider requests.

		Create another class to hold the two as a tuple.
			Hashmap instead maybe.
				Rider request as key, and driver offer as...
			Only if the driver sends an offer.
			The two are to be attributes.

MVC:
	All the user details:
		Riders will have methods to post requests
		Drivers, receive requests.

In the code, you can have a bunch of empty methods. but maybe the tests are kinda planned out. Detailed. What are we testing for?

If we are writing a test case for the user class, it should fulfill a lot of the requirements. so... 

Using android notifications may not be worth the hassle. Consider just using custom made ones.
Keywords are a word for the reason of the request.

Display different requests for different drivers based on current location.


Squares (objects):
	Mobile Application
	Drivers
	Riders
	(Recent) Ride Request
	Nearby Requests
	Start and End (locations)
	Ride
	Payment

Circles (action):
	Search
	Describe
	Paying
	Browse
	Accept
	Fulfill